# Chemistry101A This is a program I started to solve simple chemistry problems such as composing and decomposing compounds. I am new to python programming and tkinter; so the GUI is ugly, but it is good enough to get started with the chemistry logic.
# Contributions are welcome. I have tried Qt, but it would not allow me to see/edit the code; so, I decided to just use tkinter for the GUI. Please suggest/make improvements with tkinter. I expect the GUI to change as I develop the system further; so I don't plan to develop a 'pretty' GUI until I have a well established program.
# Several of the areas I need help with are: 1. When I change a textbox text, I need a method that will set or changer other variables. In Visual Basic, there is a method like 'textbox.text.changed(), where I can call other functions/procedures to validate input, set or change variables, etc. I need to find out what each of those methods are. In some cases, losing foocus will work, but with other objects, there are too many options and the ones I have tried have not worked. For example, when I select an item from the drop down listbox, I want to set a global variable to the selected item text, and if it is an element or compound, look up the atomic mass and other data in the array, and assign that data to other global variables and to set the text of an 'entry' box equal to the selected item.
# I haven't gotten there yet, but I will need to establish a database and interface to save information about elements, compounds and other things like characteristics of compounds and the steps involved in completing a process -- so the program doesn't have to repeat every process, it can just use the results and print out the process if needed. I hope to do these by the end of July 2020, but any help would be appreciated. My goal is to work on chemistry processes, not to become an accomplished python programmer. 
# Other suggestions are welcome.
